Ivy：Vanessa! It's working! You can do it!
Vanessa：Ivy... It... it hurts...
Vanessa：the replicated minds... have already integrated with me...
Vanessa：all the pain they suffer, I feel...
Ivy：You'll be fine! You must hold on! The humans will help us!
[Xenon]：Ivy! Get out now, the Armed Forces are headed toward you!
Ivy：No! Vanessa is almost there! Can't you see!?
Nate：Don't move!
Ivy：... *whimper*...
Nate：Hands above your head, stand up and face us!
Team Member A：Captain! What are you doing? They ordered us to fire immediately!
Nate：... Do not make any rash movements before we identify them.
Ivy：... Do not shoot. We are just about to end all of this, please...
Nate：Shut up! Walk slowly this way.
Team Member A：Captain! If you do not fire you are disobeying orders!
Team Member A：She may have a weapon!
Nate：Don't...!
Vanessa：Ivy! Watch out!
Vanessa：Ivy……？
Vanessa：I... IVY!!!!!!
Vanessa：AAARRRGAAAAAHHH!!!!!!!